
1)	Describe your ideal job in one or two paragraphs as though you're talking with an industry professional. They're familiar with the business and with the culture, they know the jargon and the buzzwords. Focus on the skills, tools, and / or industry you hope to deeply specialize in
2)	Describe your ideal job in one or two paragraphs as though you're talking with a non-technical family member or friend. Avoid jargon and keep things simple while remaining specific. If you went deep in your specialization above, emphasize here the breadth of skills and work
3)	Synthesize the two exercises above into a short aspirational "professional summary" that might be appropriate on your LinkedIn profile, resume, or portfolio in the future.

1.	I have not exactly decided as to which specific industry however, I have narrowed it down to sports and health/medicine. After being an athlete myself at a high level as well as a coach, being able to predict injuries based on data received from the athletes can not only benefit the team from an on field aspect, but it can also help the organization protects its assets(players) by having them compete in more games. Aside from the business perspective we can increase the player welfare and provide a better life for them after their career especially in contact sports. 

Pushing an athlete to their full potential is very challenging while trying to provide the proper welfare. The injuries are increasing especially in ACL’s and there must be a lot more studies on duration of sessions, intensity, hours of recovery. Athletes are gaining muscle mass while increasing their speed simultaneously which is providing a greater stress on their joints without the proper recovery. We could collect injury frequency, including the hours spent training, the sport, age, weight, and even the position of someone. Analyze the daily requirements for the specific position and come up with a way to maximize potential while preventing major injuries.

2.	I am working as a Data Scientist for (organization name). We collect data from sports teams and predict the chances of injury for a specific athlete. By doing this we can increase the players welfare as well as generate more revenue for each team.

3.	I have been an athlete in a plethora of sports since the age of five and I have also spent a few years coaching in both mens and womens teams. Utilizing the tools acquired as a Data Scientist with a sports background I am working on new ways to predict injury rates for athletes as they seem to increase every year even in youth athletics. 
